README.md, before:

# Kolekti

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/kolekti`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'kolekti'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install kolekti

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/kolekti.

Commit message:

Set README with Kolekti's specific informations
Signed off by: Eduardo Araújo <duduktamg@hotmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Kolekti

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/mezuro/kolekti.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mezuro/kalibro_client)

Kolekti is a code metric results parser framework. You can use it whenever you want structured unique output for different metric collectors.

## Contributing

Please, have a look the wiki pages about development workflow and code standards:

* https://github.com/mezuro/mezuro/wiki/Development-workflow
* https://github.com/mezuro/mezuro/wiki/Standards

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'kolekti'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install kolekti

## Usage

You have one key class you need to extend `Kolekti::Collector` implementing the following methods:

* `collect_metrics(code_directory, wanted_metric_configurations)`
* `clean(code_directory, wanted_metric_configurations)`
* `default_value_from(metric_configuration)`

Actual examples are:

* [KolektiAnalizo](https://github.com/mezuro/kolekti_analizo)
